# Release manifest for TagsPlugin
data/System/TagsPlugin.txt 0644 Documentation
data/System/TagsPluginViews.txt 0644 Documentation
data/System/TagsPluginAutoCompleteBackend.txt 0644 Topic
data/System/TagsPluginViewsTagSearch.txt 0644 Topic
data/System/TagsPluginNoHeaderViewTemplate.txt 0644 Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagList.txt 0644 Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagListJSON.txt 0644 Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagCloud.txt 0644 Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagDetails.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagDetailsDialog.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagDetailsDialogSimple.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagDetailsDialogExtended.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagRename.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginTagMerge.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginUserSelector.txt  Topic
data/System/TagsPluginWebSelector.txt  Topic
data/System/VarTAGSEARCH.txt 0644 Documentation
data/System/VarTAGCLOUDCLICK.txt 0644 Documentation
pub/System/TagsPlugin/tagsplugin.css 0644 Stylesheets
pub/System/TagsPlugin/tagsplugin-base.js 0644 Javascript
# pub/System/TagsPlugin/tagsplugin-cloudclick.js 0644 Javascript
pub/System/TagsPlugin/tagsplugin-tagentry.js 0644 Javascript
pub/System/TagsPlugin/tagsplugin-taglist.js 0644 Javascript
pub/System/TagsPlugin/tagsplugin-tagdetails.js 0644 Javascript
pub/System/TagsPlugin/TagsButton.png 0644 Image
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Func.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Db.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Tag.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Untag.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/ChangeOwner.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Public.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Delete.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Rename.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Merge.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/ImportTagMe.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/TAGSEARCH.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/TAGGROUPS.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/TAGCLOUDCLICK.pm 0644 Perl module
templates/tagsplugin.tmpl
templates/view.tagsplugin.tmpl
templates/view.tagspluginjquery.tmpl
lib/Foswiki/Store/TagsStore.pm
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/TagsPlugin/Config.spec
locale/TagsPlugin.pot
locale/TagsPlugin.de.po

#data/System/WebSearch.txt
#data/System/WebSearchAdvanced.txt

data/_tag/WebNotify.txt
data/_tag/WebSearch.txt
data/_tag/WebSearchAdvanced.txt
data/_tag/WebIndex.txt
data/_tag/WebTopicList.txt
data/_tag/WebHome.txt
data/_tag/WebLeftBar.txt
data/_tag/WebCreateNewTopic.txt
data/_tag/WebChanges.txt
data/_tag/WebRss.txt
data/_tag/WebRssBase.txt
data/_tag/WebPreferences.txt
data/_tag/WebAtom.txt
data/_tag/WebStatistics.txt
